[Tidy] Convert built-in actions to pydantic models (#1054)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/API-reference/action-callables.md

API reference for all pre-defined action functions.

::: vizro.actions
    options:

>       filters: ["!^_","!function", "!outputs", "!AbstractAction"] # Don't show underscore methods and function method

Author: ```suggestion
     # Don't show underscore method, function or output. AbstractAction is done separately below.
      filters: ["!^_","!function", "!outputs", "!AbstractAction"]
```
